Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Thank you.
All right.
No. no. no. I got this.
See you around.
Can't believe it's over.
I'm gonna take Evan to a Red Sox game.
Leave you with this?
- See you later.
Do you think it's skin cancer?
Oh. yeah. Yes.
Tom?
The phone's been ringing off the hook.
Mitch called.
Ray Mellor called. Kurt Warburton called.
They've been looking for you for two days.
Ruth.
don't worry. Everything's fine.
Okay.
Evan?
I got sandwiches!
And it looks like you've got mail!
Welcome home. Tom.
Hey. You were asleep this morning. I…
You went through the basement?
No. I went through your trunk.
What the hell is in the basement?
This is the Driftwood Diner.
Leave a message.
Hello. My name is Patricia.
I ordered a chicken parm
and a slice of the coconut cream pie.
and I've got a turkey patty with no bun
and a single sausage link.
And I don't want a refund.
I just want the person
who did this to find out.
And I don't want the person
who did this to get into trouble.
I just… you know.
I just want them to learn from it.
I don't…
- Better yet. I think I--
- The mailbox is full
and cannot accept any messages
at this time. Goodbye.
Great.
I'd love to know the story
behind this heartwarming pic.
- I mean. what the fuck?
- Okay. Okay.
Why did you tell me
she died during childbirth?
Because she did.
She was never the same
after you were born.
Okay.
What does that mean?
She had a preeclampsia-induced stroke.
And after that. she wasn't right.
She wasn't right how?
It did something to her brain.
To her mind.
And it affected her behavior.
She wasn't safe to be around.
And so. I had…
I had to commit her to The Home.
What's "The Home"?
It was a very nice home here on the island
for people struggling with mental issues.
Like a mental institution?
- Like an insane asylum?
- No.
Yeah.
She died two years later
of a brain aneurysm.
She loved you so much.
Yeah. I read the letters.
Can I read one?
"Dear Evan.
I need your baby hands to get the keys
and your little fingers
to reach up my nose
to pull the scorpion out of my brain.
Watch out for that stinger.
Love. your mother."
That's nice.
That's really nice.
Another?
"Dear Evan…"
Oh. God. You…
- Oh. my God. You scared me.
- I'm sorry. Sorry.
Oh. gee…
Can we talk?
Yeah. Of course. yeah.
- What is it. Wyck?
- Yeah. Right.
Well…
there's something I've had
in my wallet for a very long time.
and…
I think it's time I tell you why.
- Remember the… Yeah.
- Oh. yes. I do.
Hey. honey.
Hey there. Wyck. Hey.
Well. look at that.
Honey. that's your
high school sweetheart. Wyck.
- Yeah.
- You old dog.
Yeah.
Well. I better get going.
I got a lot of photos
I gotta give away today.
Okay. okay.
Well…
Yeah.
Mind the glass.
I might not have gotten it all.
What happened here?
Probably tourist kids
who heard the Boogeyman stories.
I think… leave.
I'm gonna say goodbye. Disgusting.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. So I might need these…
Open the door!
Open the door.
I…
No! Oh. God.
Oh. God.
Patricia!
Help! Wyck!
Oh. God. Help!
Help! Help!
Help!
Hel… Hel…
Hey! Hey!
Help! It's Patricia!
Hey! Help!
"All spring she'd worn the half-a-heart
pendant while Samuel wore the other half."
- What?
- You remember those?
- Those little pendants?
- That's your favorite part?
- Whatever. I know…
- That is cute.
- …I seem so cold. but I have a heart.
- That is goofy.
Oh. my God!
- Patricia?
- What the fuck?
What is she doing here?
I know I didn't invite her this time.
- I just…
- What the…
Patricia. can I help you?
- What are you doing?
- What is going on?
Seriously?
- Excuse me. What are you doing?
- No. Shut up.
- Patricia--
- Shut the fuck up!
- Oh. my gosh. Patricia.
- What is happening right now?
- I…
- Patricia?
Call the police! He's back!
- Who's back?
- You know who.
The Boogeyman! Call the police!
- What? Okay…
- Call the police.
…you have to be joking.
Are you really still doing this?
- The phone line is out.
- Oh. my God.
- What?
- That's strange.
Do you have a back door?
- Okay.
- Do you have a back door?
- Yes. yes.
- All right. make sure it's locked. Now!
- And turn off all the lights.
- No. no!
Don't play her game.
Don't… Everybody knows
that she lied about the calls.
All right. I lied about the calls.
- I knew it!
- Oh. my God.
- Didn't I say it?
- You said it.
- You said it!
- I said it.
I just… I felt left out.
I told one person. they told everyone.
and then I had to double down.
But I swear to God.
he came to my house that night.
and I swear he's back.
Okay. Good to know.
- Bye-bye.
- Kris. I'm just telling you
- so that you--
- Go away!
Stop making this about you.
It's not about you!
I'm sorry. but I am not the reason
that you don't have any friends.
It's because you're fucking insane. Okay?
Your little party?
It almost killed everyone.
And now you've ruined book club.
You're so annoying.
Just go bye-bye. all right?
Go bye-bye.
Bye-bye. Okay?
Bye-bye.
Bye-b--
Oh. my God. Kris!
She's the worst! She's the fucking worst.
And… I'm sorry.
- Kris. are you okay?
- You okay?
Hello?
Where's she going?
Patricia. What?
Guys. I'm gonna call 911
to report the incident here.
God. I want her to get off my lawn.
She's still out there?
He's inside the house! Get…
Get out of there!
Get…
Oh. d…
He's gonna kill you!
Get out of there!
- Goddamn!
- What was that?
Fuck!
No! No!
Can you hear me?
Hey. hey. Take it easy.
Looks like you hit your head.
I've got a pulse. He's alive.
No. no. no.
Give me your keys. I'll run him over.
- What?
- Give me your keys.
I need to run him over.
Welcome back. bud.
Run!
Just run!
- Oh. fuck!
- Just…
No!
"Dear Evan.
Everyone has two mothers.
A mother and a secret mother.
Which one am I?
I am your secret mom.
and I live in a secret house.
They won't let me out.
When you're a little older.
you can come here
and pretend to be that awful mailman.
To review. I'm dead.
I'm dead. I'm already dead.
It's too late. Come soon. Mother."
Sounds good.
This was your mother.
And this.
This.
And this person
wouldn't want you to remember the other.
Why did you hide those from me?
Because they make me sadder
than I already am.
I'm so sorry. Evan.
Why do we never leave this island?
We can.
We can leave this island.
- Sox tickets?
- Yeah.
- Is this real?
- Yes. it's real.
- Yeah--
- We… No.
It… We're gonna make
a weekend of it in Boston.
- This weekend.
- You're being serious?
Yes. I'm being serious.
Because things are gonna
be different from now on.
- How's it going?
- Hey.
Fuck.
I have to eat this here.
My wife can't stand the smell. So…
- Cool.
- …can you give me…
I need 20 on three.
Twenty on three.
You're not supposed to do that.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God!
No. no. no!
Fucking hell.
No. don't! No. you're ruining it!
Oh. my…
Put him down!
Good God. may I live.
Drop him!
Is there another way out?
- No.
- Okay. thank you so much.
Okay.
Coming up. what initially looked like
high winds is starting
- to look like the storm of the century.
- Okay.
No. I'm fine. I promise.
It's… it's just a flesh wound.
He just wants me to rest
for a couple weeks.
Vermont's looking better now I bet.
I love you.
- I love you.
- I'm gonna get you another snack.
Hi.
I didn't know Chelle was pregnant.
She is?
I'm sorry. It's the morphine.
You know. Dr. Morgan doesn't play around.
I thought she was in her 40s.
You tryna die twice tonight?
Does Loftis know?
No.
No. I figured all that stuff
with his wife…
Yeah.
Patricia.
What the hell did I see out there?
Listen to me. You have to go.
No. see here.
You ain't gotta tell me twice.
- I'm…
- No.
Right now.
You can't have your child here.
Why?
Shit. Well. I'm not learning shit
from any of this.
You can't go to Boston
and not walk the Freedom Trail.
I can't wait to go
You know what we should do
while we're there?
What?
Check out some colleges.
- Really?
- Yes. really.
I would love…
It's not over.
No.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm